Update virtual-networks.md (#407)
MicrosoftDocs/azure-ai-docs: articles/ai-services/agents/how-to/virtual-networks.md

* A Microsoft-managed key vault is used by default. 

### Manually deploy the bicep template

> > [!NOTE]
> > Bicep template is the only way available to deploy a network secured environment for Agent Services.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> [!NOTE]
> Using the Bicep template is the only way to deploy a network secured environment for Azure AI Foundry Agent Service.
```
